#### NFL_Combine_Project
Every February, 300 of the best college football players are invited to the NFL Scouting Combine in Indianapolis. The NFL Scouting Combine is a four-day event which includes many different player attributes such as height, weight, speed, agility, leaping ability, strength, intelligence, and many more. The goal of this project is to make a predictive model using the NFL Combine data, that can classify if a player will get drafted, or possibly not even get drafted, by an NFL team. I first attempted to make a regression model to predict exactly when a player will get drafted, but had lousy scores, so then changed it to a binary classifier to simply predict if a player will be drafted, yes or no. This model could be of some value out to college football players that are training for the NFL Scouting combine. Some players are on the fringe of being drafted and this could possibly give them a little insight into whether or not they will be drafted. NFL coaches and general managers could find this model valuable, so they have a better idea if a player will be drafted. Obviously, player data that is collected from the NFL Scouting Combine aren’t the sole factors in determining NFL draft outcome, but this model would be a useful tool so players while training have an idea on what athletic tests they really need to focus or improve on. Combine.csv and nfl_draft.csv were the 2 datasets used to create our dataframe to make predictions off of. Both of these datasets included every player that was invited to the NFL Scouting Combine from 1999 to 2015. Almost 5000 players were invited to the NFL Scouting Combine, during this time span. The project is broken up into 4 sections to make navigating easier. Enjoy!
